# Open Supplychain Information Modeling (OSIM) Technical Committee Meeting

- Meeting Date: March 4, 2025
- Time: 18:00 UTC (19:00 CET, 13:00 EST, 10:00 PST)
- Standing rules in effect:
   * GitHub Maintainers may merge member contributions to GitHub working contribution area without a ballot being necessary

## I. Call to Order and Welcome

- Isaac and Jay called the meeting to order
- The meeting was recorded

## II. Record Attendance

- Please record attendance using [calendar for this meeting on OSIM TC home page](https://groups.oasis-open.org/communities/tc-community-home2?CommunityKey=0e391e7b-bc88-4983-8020-018f11106d27)
- Leave of Absence:
   + none
- Quorum for meeting is > 5 of the 8 voting Members
- Quorum was reached with 5 voting Members present.
- No Members became eligible to receive voting rights at this meeting.
- No Members attended who will receive voting rights if they attend next meeting.
- No Observers was present at the meeting
- 1 Member  lost voting rights after this meeting:
    * Jon Ceanfaglione
- 2 Members are at risk of losing voting rights if they fail to attend the next meeting
    * David Kemp
    * Duncan Sparrell

### Participants

| Given Name | Family Name | Affiliation | Role | Present |
|:-----------|:------------|:------------------------------------------------------------|:----------------------------|:---------|
| **Voting Members** | | | |
| Isaac | Hepworth | Google | Voting Member, Chair | Present |
| Jay | White | Microsoft | Voting Member, Chair | Present |
| Duncan | Sparrell | sFractal | Voting Member, Secretary | Absent |
| David | Kemp | National Security Agency | Voting Member | Absent |
| Jon | Ceanfaglione | IBM | Voting Member | Absent |
| Patrick | Maroney | AT&T | Voting Member | Present |
| Robert | Martin | MITRE | Voting Member | Present |
| Stefan | Hagen | Individual | Voting Member | Present |
| **Non-Voting Members** | | | |
| Alexander | Stein | NIST | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Avek | Kolech | Checkmarx | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Bret | Jordan | Afero | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Christoph | Plutte | Ericsson | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Erez | Yalon | Checkmarx | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Gururaj | Raman | SAP | Voting Member | Absent |
| Ian | Riopel | root.io | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Jade | Stewart | National Security Agency | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Jason | Keirstead | Portal Cyber | non-voting Member | Absent |
| John | Amaral | root.io | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Joe | Nicastro | Legit Security | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Jon | Kenny | Cisco | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Justin | Murphy | DHS Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Mateusz | Zych | University of Oslo | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Puspen | Chattopadhyay | ServiceNow | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Steve | Springett | ServiceNow | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Sue | Collins | NAPS | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Vasileios | Mavroeidis | University of Oslo | non-voting Member | Absent |
| **Observers** | | | |
| Sonny | van Lingen | Huawei PSIRT | Observer | Absent |

Note: Members who can't attend voting meetings may want to follow [the OASIS leave-of-absence policy](https://www.oasis-open.org/policies-guidelines/tc-process-2017-05-26/#leavesAbsence)

## III. Agenda

- I. Call to Order and Welcome
- II. Record Attendance
- III. Approve Agenda
- IV. Review Action Items and PR's Completed Interregnum
- V. Consent Agenda Items
- VI. Discussion Items
- VII. New Business
- VIII. Decisions reached
- IX. Action Items
- X. Next Meeting
- XI. Adjourn

## IV. Interregnum
### PR's approved since last meeting:

* Motion to approve PR73 Feb meeting minutes was proposed and seconded
* PR73 was merged
    - Duncan emailed to request approval of meeting minutes
    - Approval was seconded by Robert Martin

### Action Items from last meeting

* Action Item: (**Pending**) Jay to give Isaac and Duncan rights to start meeting recording
   - Jay is working on this and will prepare a new arrangement for next meeting
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Jay to investigate where the meeting recordings are, who has access, and to inform group   - - Jay is working on this
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Duncan (or anyone else, particularly if they know how since Duncan doesn't) to determine process to submit PWI to ISO. Discussed. OASIS has process for PAS (publicly approved standards) but apparently no process to put in a placeholder PWI until PAS is available. More research needed. Any help from ISO experts appreciated.
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Dave Kemp took action item to contribute his IM layers graphic, https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1aVvlIHd8POlX6yVdo-X-60Y_Z0R089sAOyMrIWwTyMI/edit#slide=id.g2eead7994fd_0_0, as answer to an FAQ so other FAQs could reference it
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Dave Kemp took action item to draft proposed text to resolve Issue [#12](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/12)
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Dave Kemp took action item to draft proposed text to resolve Issue [#14](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/14) 


### Standing Action Items for every meeting

* Action Item: (**STANDING**) Everyone to consider FAQs - especially about relationships with other work going on
* Action Item: (**STANDING**) Everyone to reread TC Charter
   * https://groups.oasis-open.org/higherlogic/ws/groups/0e391e7b-bc88-4983-8020-018f11106d27/documents/charter3676/document?document_id=71883
* Action Item: (**STANDING**) Everyone to think about problem space and where to focus

## V. Consent Agenda Items
The following items were circulated prior to meeting. 
* none

## VI. Discussion Items
Discussion to be cut off at 7 minutes to the hour to finish rest of agenda

* meeting setup and video archive availability
    - discussed. we will defer to OASIS on next steps
* Isaac's [proposed value articulation of supply chain modeling](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/71) to various stakeholders, addressing [Issue #13](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/13) (PR #71)
    - discussed. will leave this open (per March meeting). General agreement. Action item for group to review with respect to the two new CISA docs before final approval. Goal is to approve via email prior to next meeting.
* Patrick's [update on entity representation models](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/47#issuecomment-2576017575) furthering [Issue #47](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/47)
    - discussed. Want to come up with a process for updating entity representations. will leverage Gen AI to analyze contenders. Not prepared to present the complete thought today and would like Duncan to be present for the discussion. We will defer further discussion for next month. Will update PR with additional information
* Duncan's [email on CISA SBOM WG docs](https://groups.oasis-open.org/discussion/cisa-sbom-working-group-output-as-topic-for-discussion)
    - discussed. Isaac went through and provided comments to both docs. There are some concerns about directions wrt the new administration. CISAs funding might have funding issues but this is uncertain 
* Duncan's [email on Cybersecurity Automation Village](https://groups.oasis-open.org/discussion/cybersecurity-automation-village-as-topic-for-discussion)
    - discussed. This effort is going forward and registrations have gone out. Are we participating active or observer. Action Item for group to decided during the month of March
* Duncan's [email on QBQ](https://groups.oasis-open.org/discussion/feedback-request-on-qbq)
    - discussed. will defer this for next month. Action Item for members to 'play the game' and provide feedback 


## VII. New Business

Any other business? 
- Members are encouraged to review existing issues and submit comments +/or PR's
- Members are encouraged to submit new issues

## VIII. Decisions reached

None (quorum achieved)

## IX. Action Items

* Action Item (**Pending**): Duncan to figure out how to update official roster voting rights
* Action Item (**Pending**): Isaac to update PR on Jan meeting notes and send for email seconding/approval
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Jay to give Isaac and Duncan rights to start meeting recording
   - Jay is working on this and will prepare a new arrangement for next meeting
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Jay to investigate where the meeting recordings are, who has access, and to inform group   - - Jay is working on this
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Duncan (or anyone else, particularly if they know how since Duncan doesn't) to determine process to submit PWI to ISO. Discussed. OASIS has process for PAS (publicly approved standards) but apparently no process to put in a placeholder PWI until PAS is available. More research needed. Any help from ISO experts appreciated.
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Dave Kemp took action item to contribute his IM layers graphic, https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1aVvlIHd8POlX6yVdo-X-60Y_Z0R089sAOyMrIWwTyMI/edit#slide=id.g2eead7994fd_0_0, as answer to an FAQ so other FAQs could reference it
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Dave Kemp took action item to draft proposed text to resolve Issue [#12](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/12)
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Dave Kemp took action item to draft proposed text to resolve Issue [#14](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/14) 
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Isaac to edit PR70 on new [proposed supply chain definition](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/70) and send for email second/approval
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Group to review the [two new CISA docs](https://groups.oasis-open.org/discussion/cisa-sbom-working-group-output-as-topic-for-discussion)
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Group to review whether to active or observer participate in [Cybersecurity Automation Village](https://groups.oasis-open.org/discussion/cybersecurity-automation-village-as-topic-for-discussion). Goal is to decide via email in March prior to next meeting (Note Village is April 1-3)
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Group to play [QBQ](https://groups.oasis-open.org/discussion/feedback-request-on-qbq) and provide feedback

## X. Next Meeting
The next meeting is Tuesday April 1 at 18:00 UTC (19:00 CET, 13:00 EDT, 10:00 PST)

## XI. Adjourn