# Open Supplychain Information Modeling (OSIM) Technical Committee Meeting

- Meeting Date: January 7, 2025
- Time: 18:00 UTC (19:00 CET, 13:00 EST, 10:00 PST)
- Standing rules in effect:
   * GitHub Maintainers may merge member contributions to GitHub working contribution area without a ballot being necessary

## I. Call to Order and Welcome

- Jay and Isaac called the meeting to order
- Permission to record meeting was asked/given and meeting was recorded

## II. Record Attendance

- Please record attendance using [calendar for this meeting on OSIM TC home page](https://groups.oasis-open.org/communities/tc-community-home2?CommunityKey=0e391e7b-bc88-4983-8020-018f11106d27)
- Leave of Absence:
   + none
- Quorum for meeting is > 5 of the 9 voting Members
- Quorum was reached with 5 voting Members present.
- No Members became eligible to receive voting rights at this meeting.
- No Members attended who will receive voting rights if they attend next meeting.
- No Observers was present at the meeting
- 1 Member lost voting rights after this meeting:
   * Gururaj Raman of SAP
- No Members are at risk of losing voting rights if they fail to attend the next meeting

### Participants

| Given Name | Family Name | Affiliation | Role | Present |
|:-----------|:------------|:------------------------------------------------------------|:----------------------------|:---------|
| **Voting Members** | | | |
| Isaac | Hepworth | Google | Voting Member, Chair | Present |
| Jay | White | Microsoft | Voting Member, Chair | Present |
| Duncan | Sparrell | sFractal | Voting Member, Secretary | Absent |
| David | Kemp | National Security Agency | Voting Member | Absent |
| Gururaj | Raman | SAP | Voting Member | Absent |
| Jon | Ceanfaglione | IBM | Voting Member | Present |
| Patrick | Maroney | AT&T | Voting Member | Present |
| Robert | Martin | MITRE | Voting Member | Present |
| Stefan | Hagen | Individual | Voting Member | Absent |
| **Non-Voting Members** | | | |
| Alexander | Stein | NIST | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Avek | Kolech | Checkmarx | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Bret | Jordan | Afero | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Christoph | Plutte | Ericsson | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Erez | Yalon | Checkmarx | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Ian | Riopel | root.io | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Jade | Stewart | National Security Agency | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Jason | Keirstead | Portal Cyber | non-voting Member | Absent |
| John | Amaral | root.io | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Joe | Nicastro | Legit Security | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Jon | Kenny | Cisco | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Justin | Murphy | DHS Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Mateusz | Zych | University of Oslo | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Puspen | Chattopadhyay | ServiceNow | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Steve | Springett | ServiceNow | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Sue | Collins | NAPS | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Vasileios | Mavroeidis | University of Oslo | non-voting Member | Absent |
| **Observers** | | | |
| Sonny | van Lingen | Huawei PSIRT | Observer | Absent |

Note: Members who can't attend voting meetings may want to follow [the OASIS leave-of-absence policy](https://www.oasis-open.org/policies-guidelines/tc-process-2017-05-26/#leavesAbsence)

## III. Agenda

- I. Call to Order and Welcome
- II. Record Attendance
- III. Approve Agenda
- IV. Review Action Items and PR's Completed Interregnum
- V. Consent Agenda Items
- VI. Discussion Items
- VII. New Business
- VIII. Decisions reached
- IX. Action Items
- X. Next Meeting
- XI. Adjourn

## IV. Interregnum
### PR's approved since last meeting:

* none

### Action Items from last meeting

Now closed:

* Action Item: (**Complete**) Patrick Maroney took an Action Item to investigate Entity Representation (ie the "naming" problem - how do we denote organizations, people, components, ...). Some work occurred via correspondence and discussion at meeting. This is an important topic that all are welcome to contribute to.
  - See [GitHub discussion](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/47#issuecomment-2576017575)
* Action Item: (**Complete**) Isaac to draft new proposal for [PR #67](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/67) to define supply chain.
  - See [PR 70](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/70)
* Action Item: (**Complete**) Isaac took action item to draft proposed text to resolve Issue [#13](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/13) 
  - See [PR 71](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/71)

Still pending:

* Action Item: (**Pending**) Jay to give Isaac and Duncan rights to start meeting recording
   - Jay is working on this and will prepare a new arrangement for next meeting
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Jay to investigate where the meeting recordings are, who has access, and to inform group   - - Jay is working on this
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Duncan (or anyone else, particularly if they know how since Duncan doesn't) to determine process to submit PWI to ISO. Discussed. OASIS has process for PAS (publicly approved standards) but apparently no process to put in a placeholder PWI until PAS is available. More research needed. Any help from ISO experts appreciated.
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Dave Kemp took action item to contribute his IM layers graphic, https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1aVvlIHd8POlX6yVdo-X-60Y_Z0R089sAOyMrIWwTyMI/edit#slide=id.g2eead7994fd_0_0, as answer to an FAQ so other FAQs could reference it
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Dave Kemp took action item to draft proposed text to resolve Issue [#12](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/12)
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Dave Kemp took action item to draft proposed text to resolve Issue [#14](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/14) 

### Standing Action Items for every meeting

* Action Item: (**STANDING**) Everyone to consider FAQs - especially about relationships with other work going on
* Action Item: (**STANDING**) Everyone to reread TC Charter
   * https://groups.oasis-open.org/higherlogic/ws/groups/0e391e7b-bc88-4983-8020-018f11106d27/documents/charter3676/document?document_id=71883
* Action Item: (**STANDING**) Everyone to think about problem space and where to focus

## V. Consent Agenda Items
The following items were circulated prior to meeting. 
* none

## VI. Discussion Items
Discussion to be cut off at 7 minutes to the hour to finish rest of agenda

* Discussed meeting setup and video archive availability. Jay will prepare fixes for next meeting (see action items)
* Without a Secretary, and bleary-eyed in the New Year, attendees agreed to adjourn and focus on catching up online. Ahead of next meeting, members should review
  - Isaac's new [proposed supply chain definition](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/70) (PR #70)
  - Isaac's [proposed value articulation of supply chain modeling](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/71) to various stakeholders, addressing [Issue #13](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/13) (PR #71)
  - Patrick's [update on entity representation models](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/47#issuecomment-2576017575) furthering [Issue #47](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/47)

## VII. New Business

Any other business? 
- Members are encouraged to review existing issues and submit comments +/or PR's
- Members are encouraged to submit new issues

## VIII. Decisions reached

None

## IX. Action Items

* Action Item: (**Pending**) Jay to give Isaac and Duncan rights to start meeting recording
   - Jay is working on this and will prepare a new arrangement for next meeting
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Jay to investigate where the meeting recordings are, who has access, and to inform group   - - Jay is working on this
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Duncan (or anyone else, particularly if they know how since Duncan doesn't) to determine process to submit PWI to ISO. Discussed. OASIS has process for PAS (publicly approved standards) but apparently no process to put in a placeholder PWI until PAS is available. More research needed. Any help from ISO experts appreciated.
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Dave Kemp took action item to contribute his IM layers graphic, https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1aVvlIHd8POlX6yVdo-X-60Y_Z0R089sAOyMrIWwTyMI/edit#slide=id.g2eead7994fd_0_0, as answer to an FAQ so other FAQs could reference it
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Dave Kemp took action item to draft proposed text to resolve Issue [#12](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/12)
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Dave Kemp took action item to draft proposed text to resolve Issue [#14](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/14) 


## X. Next Meeting
The next meeting is Tuesday Feb 4 at 18:00 UTC (19:00 CET, 13:00 EDT, 10:00 PST)

## XI. Adjourn
