# Open Supplychain Information Modeling (OSIM) Technical Committee Meeting

- Meeting Date: June 3, 2025
- Time: 18:00 UTC (19:00 CET, 13:00 EST, 10:00 PST)
- Standing rules in effect:
   * GitHub Maintainers may merge member contributions to GitHub working contribution area without a ballot being necessary

## I. Call to Order and Welcome

- Isaac called the meeting to order
- Meeting was not] recorded

## II. Record Attendance

* Please record attendance using [calendar for this meeting on OSIM TC home page](https://groups.oasis-open.org/communities/tc-community-home2?CommunityKey=0e391e7b-bc88-4983-8020-018f11106d27)
* Leave of Absence:
   + none
* Quorum for meeting is >= 4 of the 6 voting Members
* Quorum WAS reached with 5 voting Members present.
* One Member became eligible to receive voting rights after this meeting.
   - Anupam Mehta
* One Member attended who will receive voting rights if they attend next meeting.
   - Patrick Maroney
* No Observers were present at the meeting
* No Members lost voting rights for failing to attend this and last meeting
* One Member is at risk of losing voting rights if they fail to attend the next meeting
   - Stefan Hagen

### Participants

| Given Name | Family Name | Affiliation | Role | Present |
|:-----------|:------------|:------------------------------------------------------------|:----------------------------|:---------|
| **Voting Members** | | | |
| Isaac | Hepworth | Google | Voting Member, Chair | [Present] |
| Jay | White | Microsoft | Voting Member, Chair | [Present] |
| Duncan | Sparrell | sFractal | Voting Member, Secretary | [Present] |
| David | Kemp | National Security Agency | Voting Member | [Present] |
| Robert | Martin | MITRE | Voting Member | [Present] |
| Stefan | Hagen | Individual | Voting Member | [Absent] |
| **Non-Voting Members** | | | |
| Anupam | Mehta | Stripe | Non-voting Member | [Present] |
| Patrick | Maroney | AT&T | Non-Voting Member | [Present] |
| **Observers** | | | |
| none | | | |

Note: Members who can't attend voting meetings may want to follow [the OASIS leave-of-absence policy](https://www.oasis-open.org/policies-guidelines/tc-process-2017-05-26/#leavesAbsence)

## III. Agenda

- I. Call to Order and Welcome
- II. Record Attendance
- III. Approve Agenda
- IV. Review Action Items and PR's Completed Interregnum
- V. Consent Agenda Items
- VI. Discussion Items
- VII. New Business
- VIII. Decisions reached
- IX. Action Items
- X. Next Meeting
- XI. Adjourn

## IV. Interregnum
### PR's approved since last meeting:

* [PR#91](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/91) May Meeting Notes
* [PR#93](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/93) Info Modeling FAQ

### Action Items from last meeting
* Action Item: (**Done**) Duncan to publish meeting minutes for lazy consensus approval via email
* Action Item: (**Done**) Duncan to fix the bullet point issue on the use case PR's and then merge them
* Action Item: (**Done**) Isaac to edit [PR#71](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/71)
   - the group approved PR#71 and authorized Isaac to fix 'consumer' as discussed at meeting, and PR could be merged without requiring another round of approval
* Action Item: (**Done**) Dave Kemp took action item to draft proposed text to resolve Issue [#12](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/12)
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Open to anyone willing to work this item: to determine process to submit PWI to ISO. 
   - It was agreed to drop this from action item list.

### Standing Action Items for every meeting

* Action Item: (**STANDING**) Everyone to consider FAQs - especially about relationships with other work going on
* Action Item: (**STANDING**) Everyone to reread TC Charter
   * https://groups.oasis-open.org/higherlogic/ws/groups/0e391e7b-bc88-4983-8020-018f11106d27/documents/charter3676/document?document_id=71883
* Action Item: (**STANDING**) Everyone to think about problem space and where to focus

## V. Consent Agenda Items
* none this meeting

## VI. Discussion Items
Discussion to be cut off at 7 minutes to the hour to finish rest of agenda

* [PR#92](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/92) OSIM initial vuln, licensing, and EoX usecases
   - helpful discussion ensued. Duncan's approach was generally agreed to. Once complete, the TC would consider "promoting" the 4 modeling use cases as TC use cases (as opposed to sFractal use cases)
* Patrick's [update on entity representation models](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/47#issuecomment-2576017575) furthering [Issue #47](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/47)
    - concept was discussed but action item still open
    - further discusson deferred to next meeting afer Patrick does, and presents, more research on how other work models 'entity' (eg people, orgs) and what might work best for OSIM


## VII. New Business

Any other business? 
* It was suggested OSIM TC might be a better home for JADN modeling language then OpenC2 TC.
Dave Kemp to investigate further.

- Members are encouraged to review existing issues and submit comments +/or PR's
- Members are encouraged to submit new issues

## VIII. Decisions reached

* [PR#71](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/71) was approved. Isaac tasked with correcting 'chooser' before merging (change was made, PR was merger just after the meeting)
* agreement to drop the ISO action item

## IX. Action Items

* Action Item: (**Done**) - Isaac to correct 'chooser' in PR71 and then Duncan to merge it
* Action Item: (**Pending**) - Duncan to publish minutes and circulate for lazy consensus
* Action Item: (**Pending**) - Duncan to flesh out the sFractal info modeling use cases 
* Action Item: (**Pending**) - Dave K to investigate whether JADN should move to OSIM
* Action Item: (**Pending**) - Patrick's to update TC on [update on entity representation models](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/47#issuecomment-2576017575) furthering [Issue #47](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/47)

## X. Next Meeting
The next meeting is Tuesday July 1 at 18:00 UTC (19:00 CET, 13:00 EDT, 10:00 PST).

## XI. Adjourn