# Open Supplychain Information Modeling (OSIM) Technical Committee Meeting

- Meeting Date: April 1, 2025
- Time: 18:00 UTC (19:00 CET, 13:00 EST, 10:00 PST)
- Standing rules in effect:
   * GitHub Maintainers may merge member contributions to GitHub working contribution area without a ballot being necessary

## I. Call to Order and Welcome

- Jay called the meeting to order
- permission was given and the meeting was recorded

## II. Record Attendance

- Please record attendance using [calendar for this meeting on OSIM TC home page](https://groups.oasis-open.org/communities/tc-community-home2?CommunityKey=0e391e7b-bc88-4983-8020-018f11106d27)
- Leave of Absence:
   + none
- Quorum for meeting is >= 4 of the 7 voting Members
- Quorum WAS reached with 4 voting Members present.
- No Members became eligible to receive voting rights at this meeting.
- No Members attended who will receive voting rights if they attend next meeting.
- No Observers was present at the meeting
- 3 Members are at risk of losing voting rights if they fail to attend the next meeting
   * Issac Hepworth
   * Patrick Maroney
   * Stefan Hagen

### Participants

| Given Name | Family Name | Affiliation | Role | Present |
|:-----------|:------------|:------------------------------------------------------------|:----------------------------|:---------|
| **Voting Members** | | | |
| Isaac | Hepworth | Google | Voting Member, Chair | Absent |
| Jay | White | Microsoft | Voting Member, Chair | Present |
| Duncan | Sparrell | sFractal | Voting Member, Secretary | Present |
| David | Kemp | National Security Agency | Voting Member | Present |
| Patrick | Maroney | AT&T | Voting Member | Absent |
| Robert | Martin | MITRE | Voting Member | Present |
| Stefan | Hagen | Individual | Voting Member | Absent |
| **Non-Voting Members** | | | |
| Alexander | Stein | NIST | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Avek | Kolech | Checkmarx | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Bret | Jordan | Afero | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Christoph | Plutte | Ericsson | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Erez | Yalon | Checkmarx | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Gururaj | Raman | SAP | Voting Member | Absent |
| Ian | Riopel | root.io | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Jade | Stewart | National Security Agency | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Jason | Keirstead | Portal Cyber | non-voting Member | Absent |
| John | Amaral | root.io | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Joe | Nicastro | Legit Security | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Jon | Ceanfaglione | IBM | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Jon | Kenny | Cisco | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Justin | Murphy | DHS Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Mateusz | Zych | University of Oslo | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Puspen | Chattopadhyay | ServiceNow | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Steve | Springett | ServiceNow | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Sue | Collins | NAPS | non-voting Member | Absent |
| Vasileios | Mavroeidis | University of Oslo | non-voting Member | Absent |
| **Observers** | | | |

Note: Members who can't attend voting meetings may want to follow [the OASIS leave-of-absence policy](https://www.oasis-open.org/policies-guidelines/tc-process-2017-05-26/#leavesAbsence)

## III. Agenda

- I. Call to Order and Welcome
- II. Record Attendance
- III. Approve Agenda
- IV. Review Action Items and PR's Completed Interregnum
- V. Consent Agenda Items
- VI. Discussion Items
- VII. New Business
- VIII. Decisions reached
- IX. Action Items
- X. Next Meeting
- XI. Adjourn

## IV. Interregnum
### PR's approved since last meeting:

* none 

### Action Items from last meeting

* Action Item: (**Pending**) Jay to give Isaac and Duncan rights to start meeting recording
   - Jay is working on this and will prepare a new arrangement for next meeting
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Jay to investigate where the meeting recordings are, who has access, and to inform group   
   - the recordings are currently stored on Jay's account
   - Jay is working where to put them to make them accessible
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Open to anyone willing to work this item: to determine process to submit PWI to ISO. 
   - Discussed. 
   - OASIS has process for PAS (publicly approved standards) but apparently no process to put in a placeholder PWI until PAS is available. 
   - More research needed. Any help from ISO experts appreciated.
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Dave Kemp took action item to contribute his IM layers graphic, https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1aVvlIHd8POlX6yVdo-X-60Y_Z0R089sAOyMrIWwTyMI/edit#slide=id.g2eead7994fd_0_0, as answer to an FAQ so other FAQs could reference it
* Action Item: (**Done**) Dave Kemp took action item to draft proposed text to resolve Issue [#12](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/12)
* Action Item: (**Done**) Dave Kemp took action item to draft proposed text to resolve Issue [#14](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/14). Issue was closed as OBE.


### Standing Action Items for every meeting

* Action Item: (**STANDING**) Everyone to consider FAQs - especially about relationships with other work going on
* Action Item: (**STANDING**) Everyone to reread TC Charter
   * https://groups.oasis-open.org/higherlogic/ws/groups/0e391e7b-bc88-4983-8020-018f11106d27/documents/charter3676/document?document_id=71883
* Action Item: (**STANDING**) Everyone to think about problem space and where to focus

## V. Consent Agenda Items
The following items were circulated prior to meeting, but were discussed under discussion items. 
* [supply chain use cases](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/75) (PR #75)
* [supply chain use case 1 - Pre-deployment CVE vulnerabilities](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/76) (PR #76)

## VI. Discussion Items
Discussion to be cut off at 7 minutes to the hour to finish rest of agenda

* OSIM talk at Cybersecurity Automation Village on 4/2
   - discussed
* Principle of adopting CISA SBOM Working Group Use Cases
   - agreed to 
* PR 75 - adding a new directory for broader supply chain usecases
   - agreed to in principle, but request was made to add reference to the CISA workgroup from which the text was derived/
* PR 76 - Pre-deployment CVE vulnerabilities Use case
   - agreed to in principle, ditto reference in previous pr
* meeting setup and video archive availability
    - Jay working
* Isaac's new [proposed supply chain definition](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/70) (PR #70).
    - This was an Action Item for Isaac to rework PR70 wrt firmware and "hardware with sw in it". Ie in our context we are considering the broad definition of software and don't want loopholes to be exempt using the 'firmware is not software' argument. Some confusion as to whether this had been addressed but the PR is still open. Goal is to approve via email prior to next meeting.
* Isaac's [proposed value articulation of supply chain modeling](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/71) to various stakeholders, addressing [Issue #13](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/13) (PR #71)
    - discussed. General agreement. Goal is to approve via email prior to next meeting.
* Patrick's [update on entity representation models](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/47#issuecomment-2576017575) furthering [Issue #47](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/47)
    - deferred until next meeting


## VII. New Business

Any other business? 
- Members are encouraged to review existing issues and submit comments +/or PR's
- Members are encouraged to submit new issues

## VIII. Decisions reached

* none (in principle agreements above require final text for final agreement)

## IX. Action Items

* Action Item (**Done**): Duncan to figure out how to update official roster voting rights
* Action Item (**Done**): Isaac to update PR on Jan meeting notes and send for email seconding/approval
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Jay to give Isaac and Duncan rights to start meeting recording
   - Jay is working on this and will prepare a new arrangement for next meeting
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Jay to investigate where the meeting recordings are, who has access, and to inform group   
   - Jay is working. He has the recordings on his account. Next step is to make them accessible.
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Open to anyone willing to work this item: to determine process to submit PWI to ISO. 
   - Discussed. 
   - OASIS has process for PAS (publicly approved standards) but apparently no process to put in a placeholder PWI until PAS is available. 
   - More research needed. Any help from ISO experts appreciated.
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Dave Kemp took action item to draft proposed text to resolve Issue [#12](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/issues/12)
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Isaac to edit PR70 on new [proposed supply chain definition](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/osim/pull/70) and send for email second/approval
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Duncan to create March meeting notes from Jay notes and submit via eballot
* Action Item: (**Pending**) Duncan to draft April meeting notes (these) and submit via eballot
* Action Item:  (**Pending**) Duncan to update use cases to show attribution to CISA document as starting point

## X. Next Meeting
The next meeting is Tuesday May 6 at 18:00 UTC (19:00 CET, 13:00 EDT, 10:00 PST)

## XI. Adjourn